After playing the simulation a couple of times i realized that when training a learning model it may set up a bias that you may not have been aware of. Due to this alot of automated machines have also have racial bias that was seen in the simulation, 
either becuase of the country the product was made in vs the people that are actually going to use the product. a few years ago there was a case study that showed that some of the soap dispensers in south africa werent putting out soap for people with melanted skin. 
I have seen similar bias in dfferent applications in the news as well as experienced the discrepencies of hiring recruiters. 
This has made me lean towards smaller companies that focus on retention and not just if we have more people we can make more money and more product.
This type of production is making for alot of companies to lean towards outside hiring recruiters (to prevent full liability falling  on the business) that have a "proven learning model" i feel that this takes away opportunities everyday. 

Speed was the motivating factor to make more money. I chose people off skill that was presented and it created a bias based off of color. The blue people withe the same skillset were overlooked
The positive outcome was the process went smoother for the recruiter but he grew new problems once the process was automated. 
There should have been a coversation about ethics, " is speed worth blank outcomes" "what are we responsible for in terms of labor laws"
The bad out of it was there wouldve been a predeterimed bias regardless of how it was trained if i wasnt looking at the data as it was being trained.
This way even though the rollout of the learning model was slower the data would be more reliable. I fell that this is the issue with integrating ai. speed = money within the business space so even if a bias was found it may be pverlooked instead of resolved.
This shines a light on why there needs to be a system for ethics instead of what people want ot change it to be due to new laws or out of convience.
Based on these factors I would let a business owner know that it might be better to hire an assistant for the recruiter to save money in lawsuits later on. This way the data can be watched pruned and made sure that its compliant with the regulations the business has to adhere to.
